Add Multi RP Credentials/Authentication capability (#308)
openid/OpenID4VP: openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

The signed Request Object MAY contain all the parameters listed in (#dc_api_request), except `request`.

Verifiers can format signed Requests either using JWS Compact Serialization or JWS Serialization [@!RFC7515]). 

#### JWS Compact Serialization

In case of the JWS Compact Serialization, all request parameters are encoded in a request object as defined in (#vp_token_request) and the JWS object is used as the value of the `request` claim in the `data` element of the API call. This is illustated in the following example.

```js
{ request: "eyJhbGciOiJF..." }
```

This is an example of the payload of a signed OpenID4VP request used with the W3C Digital Credentials API in conjunction with JWS Compact Serialization:

<{{examples/digital_credentials_api/signed_request_payload_compact.json}} 

#### JWS JSON Serialization

> The JWS JSON Serialization [@!RFC7515]) allows the Verifier to use multiple Client Identifiers and corresponding key material and metadata to protect the same request. This serves use cases where the Verifier requests credentials belonging to different trust frameworks and, therefore, needs to authenticate in the context of those trust frameworks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JWS JSON Serialization [@!RFC7515]) allows the Verifier to use multiple Client Identifiers and corresponding key material and metadata to protect the same request. This serves use cases where the Verifier requests Credentials belonging to different trust frameworks and, therefore, needs to authenticate in the context of those trust frameworks.
```

In this case, the following request parameters MUST be present in the protected header of the respective `signature` object in the `signatures` array defined in [@!RFC7515, section 7.2.1]:

* `client_id`

All other request parameters MUST be present in the `payload` element of the JWS object.

Below is a non-normative example of such a request:

```js
{
  "payload": "eyAiaXNzIjogImh0dHBzOi8...NzY4Mzc4MzYiIF0gfQ",
  "signatures": [
    {
      "protected": "eyJhbGciOiAiRVMyNT..MiLCJraWQiOiAiMSJ9XX19fQ",
      "signature": "PFwem0Ajp2Sag...T2z784h8TQqgTR9tXcif0jw"
    },
    {
      "protected": "eyJhbGciOiAiRVMyNTY...tpZCI6ICIxIn1dfX19",
      "signature": "irgtXbJGwE2wN4Lc...2TvUodsE0vaC-NXpB9G39cMXZ9A"
    }
  ]
}
```

Every object in the `signatures` structure contains the parameters and the signature specific to a particular Client Identifier. The signature is calculated as specified in section 5.1 of [@!RFC7515].

The following is a non-normative example of a content of a decoded protected header:

```

> {
>   "alg": "ES256",
>   "x5c": [
>     "MIICOjCCAeG...djzH7lA==",
>     "MIICLTCCAdS...koAmhWVKe"
>   ],
>   "client_id": "x509_san_dns:rp.example.com"
> }

Reviewer 2: specific proposal for disambiguating credential requested and credential_id

```suggestion
{
  "alg": "ES256",
  "x5c": [
    "MIICOjCCAeG...djzH7lA==",
    "MIICLTCCAdS...koAmhWVKe"
  ],
  "client_id": "x509_san_dns:rp.example.com",
  "credentials": [ <same definition as transaction data> ]
}
```

Reviewer 2: credential_ids: REQUIRED. Array of strings each referencing a Credential requested by the Verifier that can be used to authorize this transaction. In [[DIF.PresentationExchange](https://openid.github.io/OpenID4VP/openid-4-verifiable-presentations-wg-draft.html#DIF.PresentationExchange)], the string matches the id field in the Input Descriptor. In the Digital Credentials Query Language, the string matches the id field in the Credential Query. If there is more than one element in the array, the Wallet MUST use only one of the referenced Credentials for session transcript

Reviewer 2: alternative proposal:
wallet puts used client_id in the response next to the credential:
{
  "my_credential": {
     “payload”: “eyJhbGci...QMA”,
     “client_id”: “asdf”
   }
}

Reviewer 2: what prevents MITM replaying the request RP sent through the DC API:
- for unsigned requests, origin is in the returned credential because origin == client_id 
- for signed request, expected_origins is in the signed request that MITM cannot modify

Reviewer 3: > what prevents MITM replaying the request RP sent through the DC API:
> 
>     * for unsigned requests, origin is in the returned credential because origin == client_id
> 
>     * for signed request, expected_origins is in the signed request that MITM cannot modify

Thank you for this summary and apologies for struggling with the concept during the most recent DCP call. One nit just for posterity is that for unsigned request the client_id contains the origin and is prefixed (it doesn't strictly equal origin).

Reviewer 4: How about adding the `client_id` as an optional parameter (array of strings) to the Credential Query? That would simplify things quite a bit imho for the request:
- If client_id is not present in the Credential Query: you use only one client_id in the request and nothing changes to the status quo (without multi-rp)
- If client_id is present, the wallet can directly match which client ids are possible for each requested credential and choose accordingly

The DCQL `vp_token` gets an optional parameter `client_id` as well that is only included if more than one client_id was provided in the request (the DCQL query) and not present otherwise --> nothing changes for normal flows.

That way nothing changes for simple flows, but mult-rp flows extend the normal data structures without any unnecessary duplication unless I am missing something.

Reviewer 2: superseded by resolution in #395

The Verifier MAY send a signed request, for example, when identification and authentication of the Verifier is required.

The signed request allows the Wallet to authenticate the Verifier using one or more trust framework(s) in addition to the Web PKI utilized by the browser. An example of such a trust framework is the Verifier (RP) management infrastructure set up in the context of the eIDAS regulation in the European Union, in which case, the Wallet can no longer rely only on the web origin of the Verifier. This web origin MAY still be used to further strengthen the security of the flow. The external trust framework could, for example, map the Client Identifier to registered web origins.

> The signed Request Object MAY contain all the parameters listed in (#browser_api_request), except `request`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The signed Request Object MAY contain all the parameters listed in (#dc_api_request), except `request`.
```

In this case, the following request parameters MUST be present in the protected header of the respective `signature` object: 

* `client_id`
* `client_metadata`

All other request parameters MUST be present in the `payload` element of the JWS object.

Below is a non-normative example of such a request:

```js
{
  "payload": "eyAiaXNzIjogImh0dHBzOi8...NzY4Mzc4MzYiIF0gfQ",
  "signatures": [
    {
      "protected": "eyJhbGciOiAiRVMyNT..MiLCJraWQiOiAiMSJ9XX19fQ",
      "signature": "PFwem0Ajp2Sag...T2z784h8TQqgTR9tXcif0jw"
    },
    {
      "protected": "eyJhbGciOiAiRVMyNTY...tpZCI6ICIxIn1dfX19",
      "signature": "irgtXbJGwE2wN4Lc...2TvUodsE0vaC-NXpB9G39cMXZ9A"
    }
  ]
}
```

Every `signature` object in the structure contains the parameters and signature specific to a particular Client Identifier. The signature is calculated as specified in section 5.1 of [@!RFC7515].

This is an example of a protected header:

```
{
  "alg": "ES256",
  "kid": "k2bdc",
  "x5c": [
    "MIICOjCCAeG...djzH7lA==",
    "MIICLTCCAdS...koAmhWVKe"
  ],
  "client_id": "x509_san_dns:rp.example.com",
  "client_metadata": {
    "jwks": {

>       "keys": [

Reviewer 3: I know there's other related commentary so please excuse any redundancy but it seems pretty awkward to have what are probably ephemeral encryption keys in each of the headers.

Author: Would you prefer to have one key in the request body? that would certainly also solve the apv/apu challenge. However, as far as I remember, there was also the desire to have authenticated keys. I would assume those would be provided with a cert chain related to the trust framework related to a certain Client Identifier.

Reviewer 3: I would assume in that case to the best of how I understand things, those keys would be authenticated by the signature over them and trust in the key that applied that signature is established by that a cert chain related to the trust framework related to a certain Client Identifier.

I don't think that's how some of those that have expressed the desire to have authenticated keys think it should or will work. But it's how I imagine it'd be done with the fewest breaking or impractical changes down the stack of things OpenID4VP builds on.

The Verifier MAY send a signed request, for example, when identification and authentication of the Verifier is required.

> The signed request allows the Wallet to authenticate the Verifier using one or more trust framework(s) other than the Web PKI utilized by the browser. An example of such a trust framework is the Verifier (RP) management infrastructure set up in the context of the eIDAS regulation in the European Union, in which case, the Wallet can no longer rely only on the web origin of the Verifier. This web origin MAY still be used to further strengthen the security of the flow. The external trust framework could, for example, map the Client Identifier to registered web origins.

Reviewer 5: IMO, for signed requests, the wallet would still use the Web PKI or origin model. IMO, it is unsigned requests < signed requests.

```suggestion
The signed request allows the Wallet to authenticate the Verifier using one or more trust framework(s) in addition to the Web PKI utilized by the browser. An example of such a trust framework is the Verifier (RP) management infrastructure set up in the context of the eIDAS regulation in the European Union, in which case, the Wallet can no longer rely only on the web origin of the Verifier. This web origin MAY still be used to further strengthen the security of the flow. The external trust framework could, for example, map the Client Identifier to registered web origins.
```

The signed Request Object MAY contain all the parameters listed in (#browser_api_request), except `request`.

Verifiers can format signed Requests either using JWS Compact Serialization or JWS Serialization [@!RFC7515]). 

#### JWS Compact Serialization

> In case of the JWS Compact Serialization, all request parameters are encoded in a request object as defined in (#vp_token_request) and the JWS object is used as value of the `request` claim in the `data` element of the API call. This is illustated in the following example.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
In case of the JWS Compact Serialization, all request parameters are encoded in a request object as defined in (#vp_token_request) and the JWS object is used as the value of the `request` claim in the `data` element of the API call. This is illustated in the following example.
```

```js
const credential = await navigator.credentials.get({
  digital: {
    providers: [{
      protocol: "openid4vp",
      data: {
        { request: "eyJhbGciOiJF..." }
     }
    }]
  }

> });

Reviewer 4: I don't think this change is intended? Do we just need to rebase on main?

> const credential = await navigator.credentials.get({
>   digital: {
>     providers: [{
>       protocol: "openid4vp",
>       data: {
>         { request: "eyJhbGciOiJF..." }
>      }
>     }]
>   }
> });

Reviewer 4: per #254 I think we should keep only the payload in these examples?
```suggestion
{ request: "eyJhbGciOiJF..." }
```

```

This is an example of the payload of a signed OpenID4VP request used with the W3C Digital Credentials API in conjunction with JWS Compact Serialization:

<{{examples/digital_credentials_api/signed_request_payload_compact.json}} 

#### JWS JSON Serialization

> The JWS JSON Serialization [@!RFC7515]) allows the Verifier to use multiple Client Identifiers and corresponding key material and metadata for the same request. This is to serve use cases where the Verifier requests credentials belonging to different trust frameworks and thus must authenticate in the context of those trust frameworks.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The JWS JSON Serialization [@!RFC7515]) allows the Verifier to use multiple Client Identifiers and corresponding key material and metadata to protect the same request. This serves use cases where the Verifier requests credentials belonging to different trust frameworks and, therefore, must authenticate in the context of those trust frameworks.
```

> In this case, the following request parameters MUST be present in the protected header of the respective signature object: 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
In this case, the following request parameters MUST be present in the protected header of the respective `signature` object: 
```

* `client_id`

> * `client_metadata`

Reviewer 5: Since these become protected headers, do we need an IANA registration for this @selfissued ?

Reviewer 6: Yes, if you're going to create new header parameters, you should register them.

Author: added IANA registration

**https://github.com/openid/OpenID4VP/pull/308/commits/e2fe62eea5b458e1cd6e402319a3db9db68728e7**

All other request parameters MUST be present in the `payload` element of the JWS object.

Below is a non-normative example of such a request:

```js

> const credential = await navigator.credentials.get({
>   digital: {
>     providers: [{
>       protocol: "openid4vp",
>       data: {
>         "payload": "eyAiaXNzIjogImh0dHBzOi8...NzY4Mzc4MzYiIF0gfQ",
>         "signatures": [
>         {
>           "protected": "eyJhbGciOiAiRVMyNT..MiLCJraWQiOiAiMSJ9XX19fQ",
>           "signature": "PFwem0Ajp2Sag...T2z784h8TQqgTR9tXcif0jw"
>         },
>         {
>           "protected": "eyJhbGciOiAiRVMyNTY...tpZCI6ICIxIn1dfX19",
>           "signature": "irgtXbJGwE2wN4Lc...2TvUodsE0vaC-NXpB9G39cMXZ9A"
>         }
>       ]
>      }
>     }]
>   }
> });

Reviewer 4: same as above (#254)?

```suggestion
{
  "payload": "eyAiaXNzIjogImh0dHBzOi8...NzY4Mzc4MzYiIF0gfQ",
  "signatures": [
    {
      "protected": "eyJhbGciOiAiRVMyNT..MiLCJraWQiOiAiMSJ9XX19fQ",
      "signature": "PFwem0Ajp2Sag...T2z784h8TQqgTR9tXcif0jw"
    },
    {
      "protected": "eyJhbGciOiAiRVMyNTY...tpZCI6ICIxIn1dfX19",
      "signature": "irgtXbJGwE2wN4Lc...2TvUodsE0vaC-NXpB9G39cMXZ9A"
    }
  ]
}
```

The Verifier MAY send a signed request, for example, when identification and authentication of the Verifier is required.

> The signed request allows the Wallet to authenticate the Verifier using one or more trust framework(s) other than the Web PKI utilized by the browser. An example of such a trust framework is the Verifier (RP) management infrastructure set up in the context of the eIDAS regulation in the European Union, in which case, the Wallet can no longer rely only on the web origin of the Verifier. This web origin MAY still be used to further strengthen the security of the flow. The external trust framework could, for example, map the Client Identifier to registered web origins.

Reviewer 6: How does the signed request enable the use of trust frameworks representation using OpenID Federation?  (It may already do that, but more details to that effect would be useful to implementers.)

Author: The PR does not change the way client id schemes work. Consequently, all definitions for federation still hold. true.

The signed Request Object MAY contain all the parameters listed in (#browser_api_request), except `request`.

> The signed Request MUST use the JWS Serialization [@!RFC7515]). This allows the Verifier multiple Client Identifiers and corresponding key material and metadata when invoking a wallet. This is to serve use cases where the Verifier requests credentials belong to different transt framework and thus must authenticate in the context of those trust frameworks.

Reviewer 7: typos
```suggestion
The signed Request MUST use the JWS Serialization [@!RFC7515]). This allows the Verifier multiple Client Identifiers and corresponding key material and metadata when invoking a wallet. This is to serve use cases where the Verifier requests credentials belonging to different trust frameworks and thus must authenticate in the context of those trust frameworks.
```

Reviewer: wallet -> Wallet

> The signed Request MUST use the JWS Serialization [@!RFC7515]). This allows the Verifier multiple Client Identifiers and corresponding key material and metadata when invoking a Wallet. This is to serve use cases where the Verifier requests credentials belonging to different trust frameworks and thus must authenticate in the context of those trust frameworks.

Reviewer 6: We should discuss whether to always use the JSON Serialization or only to use it when there are multiple signatures.  (In this case, I realize that the "Keep simple things simple but make complex things possible" adage cuts both ways.)  I'd rather keep the simple case simple.

Author: Thanks for your feedback (that's what I asked for in the description of the PR).

Reviewer 2: WG discussion to keep compact serialization https://github.com/openid/OpenID4VP/pull/308#issuecomment-2520863682

> The following request parameter MUST be placed in the protect header of the respective signature object: 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The following request parameters MUST be present in the protected header of the respective signature object: 
```

* `client_id`

> * `client_metadata`

Reviewer 6: These aren't defined header parameters, so this is weird.  Why aren't these being sent as claims in the request?

Author: because they are specific to a certain RP credential

Below is a non-normative example of such a request:

```js
const credential = await navigator.credentials.get({
  digital: {
    providers: [{
      protocol: "openid4vp",
      data: {
        "payload": "eyAiaXNzIjogImh0dHBzOi8...NzY4Mzc4MzYiIF0gfQ",
        "signatures": [
        {

>           "protected": "eyJhbGciOiJFUzI1NiJ9",

Author: not sure what you mean, see an header example (with kid and alg) below

>           "protected": "eyJhbGciOiJFUzI1NiJ9",

Reviewer 6: `eyJhbGciOiJFUzI1NiJ9` decodes to `{"alg":"ES256"}`, which has no `kid`.

          "signature": "PFwem0Ajp2Sag...T2z784h8TQqgTR9tXcif0jw"
        },
        {
          "protected": "eyJhbGciOiJFUzI1NiJ9",
          "signature": "irgtXbJGwE2wN4Lc...2TvUodsE0vaC-NXpB9G39cMXZ9A"
        }
      ]
     }
    }]
  }
});
```

> Every `signature` object in the structure contains the parameters and signature specific to a particular Client Identifier.

Reviewer 4: Not sure if we need this, but I think it helps to reference to the JWS RFC
```suggestion
Every `signature` object in the structure contains the parameters and signature specific to a particular Client Identifier. The signature is calculated as specified in section 5.1 of [@!RFC7515].
```

The Verifier MAY send a signed request, for example, when identification and authentication of the Verifier is required.

The signed request allows the Wallet to authenticate the Verifier using one or more trust framework(s) in addition to the Web PKI utilized by the browser. An example of such a trust framework is the Verifier (RP) management infrastructure set up in the context of the eIDAS regulation in the European Union, in which case, the Wallet can no longer rely only on the web origin of the Verifier. This web origin MAY still be used to further strengthen the security of the flow. The external trust framework could, for example, map the Client Identifier to registered web origins.

The signed Request Object MAY contain all the parameters listed in (#browser_api_request), except `request`.

> Verifiers can format signed Requests either using JWS Compact Serialization or JWS Serialization [@!RFC7515]). 

Reviewer 3: There is no such thing as "JWS Serialization"
```suggestion
Verifiers can format signed Requests either using JWS Compact Serialization or JWS JSON Serialization [@!RFC7515]). 
```

#### JWS Compact Serialization

> In case of the JWS Compact Serialization, all request parameters are encoded in a request object as defined in (#vp_token_request) and the JWS object is used as the value of the `request` claim in the `data` element of the API call. This is illustated in the following example.

Reviewer 2: I would add a sentence here that clarifies that JWS Compact serialization can convey only one trust framework i.e. Verifier should know which trust framework the wallet supports

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the JWS Compact Serialization is used to send the request, the Verifier can convey only one Trust Framework, i.e., the Verifier should know which trust frameworks the wallet supports. All request parameters are encoded in a request object as defined in (#vp_token_request) and the JWS object is used as the value of the `request` claim in the `data` element of the API call. 

This is illustrated in the following non-normative example.
```

```js
{ request: "eyJhbGciOiJF..." }
```

This is an example of the payload of a signed OpenID4VP request used with the W3C Digital Credentials API in conjunction with JWS Compact Serialization:

<{{examples/digital_credentials_api/signed_request_payload_compact.json}} 

#### JWS JSON Serialization

> The JWS JSON Serialization [@!RFC7515]) allows the Verifier to use multiple Client Identifiers and corresponding key material and metadata to protect the same request. This serves use cases where the Verifier requests credentials belonging to different trust frameworks and, therefore, needs to authenticate in the context of those trust frameworks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using JWS JSON Serialization [@!RFC7515]) to send the Request allows the Verifier to use multiple Client Identifiers and corresponding key material and metadata to protect the same request. This serves use cases where the Verifier requests credentials belonging to different trust frameworks and, therefore, needs to authenticate in the context of those trust frameworks.

This is achieved by passing multiple signatures of the same paylod in the protected header.
```

this is just a suggestion, but please provide an overview of the solution here. otherwise there is a jump between this short description and the technical details below..

In this case, the following request parameters MUST be present in the protected header of the respective `signature` object: 

* `client_id`
* `client_metadata`

All other request parameters MUST be present in the `payload` element of the JWS object.

Below is a non-normative example of such a request:

```js
{
  "payload": "eyAiaXNzIjogImh0dHBzOi8...NzY4Mzc4MzYiIF0gfQ",
  "signatures": [
    {
      "protected": "eyJhbGciOiAiRVMyNT..MiLCJraWQiOiAiMSJ9XX19fQ",
      "signature": "PFwem0Ajp2Sag...T2z784h8TQqgTR9tXcif0jw"
    },
    {
      "protected": "eyJhbGciOiAiRVMyNTY...tpZCI6ICIxIn1dfX19",
      "signature": "irgtXbJGwE2wN4Lc...2TvUodsE0vaC-NXpB9G39cMXZ9A"
    }
  ]
}
```

> Every `signature` object in the structure contains the parameters and signature specific to a particular Client Identifier. The signature is calculated as specified in section 5.1 of [@!RFC7515].

Reviewer 2: I don't understand how this is JWE RFC7516 compliant..?

> Every `signature` object in the structure contains the parameters and signature specific to a particular Client Identifier. The signature is calculated as specified in section 5.1 of [@!RFC7515].

Reviewer 2: it would really help readability if this is moved before the content of the `signature` is described....

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Every `signature` object in the structure contains the parameters and signature specific to a particular Client Identifier. The signature is calculated as specified in section 5.1 of [@!RFC7515].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every object in the `signatures` structure contains the parameters and the signature specific to a particular Client Identifier. The signature is calculated as specified in section 5.1 of [@!RFC7515].
```
i believe otherwise the sentence does not make much sense..

> This is an example of a protected header:

Author: I wasn't aware of this convention. Thanks for making a suggestion.

```
{
  "alg": "ES256",
  "kid": "k2bdc",

>   "x5c": [

Reviewer 3: why would you have a kid (with my initials noless) alongside x5c?

Author: removed it

The Verifier MAY send a signed request, for example, when identification and authentication of the Verifier is required.

The signed request allows the Wallet to authenticate the Verifier using one or more trust framework(s) in addition to the Web PKI utilized by the browser. An example of such a trust framework is the Verifier (RP) management infrastructure set up in the context of the eIDAS regulation in the European Union, in which case, the Wallet can no longer rely only on the web origin of the Verifier. This web origin MAY still be used to further strengthen the security of the flow. The external trust framework could, for example, map the Client Identifier to registered web origins.

The signed Request Object MAY contain all the parameters listed in (#dc_api_request), except `request`.

> Verifiers can format signed Requests either using JWS Compact Serialization or JWS JSON Serialization [@!RFC7515]). 

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
Verifiers SHOULD format signed Requests using JWS Compact Serialization but MAY use JWS JSON Serialization [@!RFC7515]) to cater for use cases described below. 
```

This is illustrated in the following non-normative example.

```js
{ request: "eyJhbGciOiJF..." }
```

This is an example of the payload of a signed OpenID4VP request used with the W3C Digital Credentials API in conjunction with JWS Compact Serialization:

<{{examples/digital_credentials_api/signed_request_payload_compact.json}} 

#### JWS JSON Serialization

The JWS JSON Serialization [@!RFC7515]) allows the Verifier to use multiple Client Identifiers and corresponding key material and metadata to protect the same request. This serves use cases where the Verifier requests Credentials belonging to different trust frameworks and, therefore, needs to authenticate in the context of those trust frameworks.

In this case, the following request parameters MUST be present in the protected header of the respective `signature` object in the `signatures` array defined in [@!RFC7515, section 7.2.1]:

> * `client_id`

Reviewer 8: What about client_metadata?

Author: moved it into payload (again) because we wanted to convey the (ephm) response encryption key only once, removed metadata further up

All other request parameters MUST be present in the `payload` element of the JWS object.

Below is a non-normative example of such a request:

> ```js

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
```json
```

{
  "payload": "eyAiaXNzIjogImh0dHBzOi8...NzY4Mzc4MzYiIF0gfQ",
  "signatures": [
    {
      "protected": "eyJhbGciOiAiRVMyNT..MiLCJraWQiOiAiMSJ9XX19fQ",
      "signature": "PFwem0Ajp2Sag...T2z784h8TQqgTR9tXcif0jw"
    },
    {
      "protected": "eyJhbGciOiAiRVMyNTY...tpZCI6ICIxIn1dfX19",
      "signature": "irgtXbJGwE2wN4Lc...2TvUodsE0vaC-NXpB9G39cMXZ9A"
    }
  ]
}
```

Every object in the `signatures` structure contains the parameters and the signature specific to a particular Client Identifier. The signature is calculated as specified in section 5.1 of [@!RFC7515].

The following is a non-normative example of a content of a decoded protected header:

> ```

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
```json
```

* Change Controller: OpenID Foundation Artifact Binding Working Group - openid-specs-ab@lists.openid.net
* Specification Document(s): (#verifier_attestation_jwt) of this specification

### client_id

* Header Parameter Name: `client_id`
* Header Parameter Description: This header contains a Client Identifier. 
* Header Parameter Usage Location: JWS
* Change Controller: IETF
* Specification Document(s): [@!RFC6749]

### client_metadata

* Header Parameter Name: `jwt`

> * Header Parameter Description: This header contains a JWT. Processing rules MAY depend on the `typ` header value of the respective JWT. 

Reviewer 3: need to fix copy/paste

Author: fixed

> * Header Parameter Name: `jwt`
> * Header Parameter Description: This header contains a JWT. Processing rules MAY depend on the `typ` header value of the respective JWT. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Header Parameter Name: `client_metadata`
* Header Parameter Description: This header contains Client Metadata.
```

Author: fixed it with the text from the parameter definition + added reference to the definition

* Change Controller: OpenID Foundation Artifact Binding Working Group - openid-specs-ab@lists.openid.net
* Specification Document(s): (#verifier_attestation_jwt) of this specification

### client_id

* Header Parameter Name: `client_id`

> * Header Parameter Description: This header contains a Client Identifier. 

Author: ```suggestion
* Header Parameter Description: This header contains a Client Identifier. A Client Identifier is used in OAuth to identify a certain client. It is defined in [@!RFC6749], section 2.2.
```

Reviewer 2: @bc-pi

* Change Controller: OpenID Foundation Artifact Binding Working Group - openid-specs-ab@lists.openid.net
* Specification Document(s): (#verifier_attestation_jwt) of this specification

> 

Reviewer 3: I am not a DE on the JSON Web Signature and Encryption Header Parameters Registry so I can only speculate but if I were, I'd likely have questions...

Author: like? ...

Reviewer 3: Well, the first question that would come to my mind is, "what the fuck is this?" but t think about it from the perspective that this will maybe eventually be put forwarded through various bureaucratic entities to be considered as a registered JWS header. JOSE is a general purpose thing that is *many* layers removed from this document and the DE's might not know or care about OpenID4VP or any of this stuff. What is `client_id` and what does it do and why does it need or deserve to be general reserved JOSE header? `This header contains a Client Identifier.` and a pointer to RFC6749 are not, in my narrow view as the DE for a different registry, helpful at all.

* Change Controller: OpenID Foundation Digital Credentials Protocols Working Group - openid-specs-digital-credentials-protocols@lists.openid.net
* Specification Document(s): (#verifier_attestation_jwt) of this specification

### client_id

> * Header Parameter Name: `client_id`

Reviewer 8: As above, what about client_metadata?
